ARCHITECTURE.md, before:

# Architecture

## High-Level System
```mermaid
flowchart LR
    VisitorBrowser((Browser)) -->|HTTP| CloudflareWorkers[(Cloudflare Workers Static Host)]
    CloudflareWorkers -->|Serves bundled assets| ReactSPA[Atlas Homes React SPA]
    ReactSPA -->|Client-side routing| ReactRouter[React Router 6]
    ReactSPA -->|Email submissions| EmailJS[(EmailJS API)]
```

- The SPA is built with React 18, TypeScript, Vite, and Tailwind CSS utilities bundled through PostCSS.
- Production delivery is configured for Cloudflare Workers via [`wrangler.toml`](wrangler.toml).
- Email capture relies on EmailJS REST calls triggered from booking and contact forms.

## Application Composition
```mermaid
flowchart TB
    App[src/App.tsx] --> Navbar[src/components/commonComponents/navbar/Navbar.tsx]
    App --> ScrollToTop[src/ScrollTop.tsx]
    App --> Routes
    Routes --> Home[src/pages/home/Home.tsx]
    Routes --> PropertyDetails[src/components/homepage_components/homepage_Propertydetails/Homepage_PropertyDetails.tsx]
    Routes --> LocationDetails[src/components/homepage_components/homepage_locationsdetails/Homepage_LocationDetails.tsx]
    Routes --> NotFound[src/pages/pagenotfound/PageNotFound.tsx]
    Home --> Slider[src/components/homepage_components/slider/Slider.tsx]
    Home --> Locations[src/components/homepage_components/homepage_locations/HomePage_Locations.tsx]
    PropertyDetails --> BookingForm[src/components/homepage_components/homepage_Propertydetails/BookingFrom.tsx]
    PropertyDetails --> DataProperty[src/data.ts]
    Locations --> DataProperty
```

### Routing and Layout
- [`src/App.tsx`](src/App.tsx) wraps the router in a layout that always renders `Navbar`, `ScrollToTop`, and `Footer`, hiding navigation on select deep pages via route checks.
- Routes include:
  - `/` → [`Home`](src/pages/home/Home.tsx)
  - `/property_details/:slug` → [`Homepage_PropertyDetails`](src/components/homepage_components/homepage_Propertydetails/Homepage_PropertyDetails.tsx)
  - `/property_LocationDetails/:id` → [`Homepage_LocationDetails`](src/components/homepage_components/homepage_locationsdetails/Homepage_LocationDetails.tsx)
  - `/*` → 404 catch-all

### Data Flow
- [`src/data.ts`](src/data.ts) exports `propertyData`, `navbarData`, and `footerData`. Components import this module to hydrate cards, galleries, and global chrome.
- Property and location pages derive the slug or ID from `useLocation`/`useNavigate` and lookup the corresponding record inside `propertyData`. Because the dataset ships with the client bundle, no runtime fetch is required.

### State and Side Effects
- `HomePage_Locations` slugifies property names then pushes React Router navigation when a user selects a card, providing `location.state` for downstream usage.
- `Homepage_PropertyDetails` locates the property based on the URL slug and initializes Fancybox galleries within a `useEffect` hook.
- `Homepage_LocationDetails` expects `location.state.property` to include a nested `properties` array when linking from location hubs; fallback messaging is rendered when no entries exist.
- Booking and contact forms (`BookingFrom.tsx`, `ContactUs.tsx`) submit to EmailJS using credentials defined at runtime.

### Styling and Animation
- Tailwind utility classes provide layout primitives, while component-specific CSS (e.g., `Slider.css`, `navbar.css`) styles complex widgets.
- Swiper.js powers carousels on the hero banner and property cards.
- Fancybox handles image lightboxes for property galleries.

### Future Considerations
- Moving `propertyData` to a backend source or CMS would reduce bundle size and enable live pricing.
- Harden navigation between deep-linked pages by falling back to slug-based lookups when `location.state` is missing.
- Replace hard-coded EmailJS identifiers with environment-driven configuration to simplify deployments across environments.

Commit message:

chore: remove wrangler config in favor of pages

ARCHITECTURE.md, after:

# Architecture

## High-Level System
```mermaid
flowchart LR
    VisitorBrowser((Browser)) -->|HTTP| CloudflareWorkers[(Cloudflare Workers Static Host)]
    CloudflareWorkers -->|Serves bundled assets| ReactSPA[Atlas Homes React SPA]
    ReactSPA -->|Client-side routing| ReactRouter[React Router 6]
    ReactSPA -->|Email submissions| EmailJS[(EmailJS API)]
```

- The SPA is built with React 18, TypeScript, Vite, and Tailwind CSS utilities bundled through PostCSS.
- Production delivery is handled by Cloudflare Pages, which serves the static bundle generated by `npm run build`.
- Email capture relies on EmailJS REST calls triggered from booking and contact forms.

## Application Composition
```mermaid
flowchart TB
    App[src/App.tsx] --> Navbar[src/components/commonComponents/navbar/Navbar.tsx]
    App --> ScrollToTop[src/ScrollTop.tsx]
    App --> Routes
    Routes --> Home[src/pages/home/Home.tsx]
    Routes --> PropertyDetails[src/components/homepage_components/homepage_Propertydetails/Homepage_PropertyDetails.tsx]
    Routes --> LocationDetails[src/components/homepage_components/homepage_locationsdetails/Homepage_LocationDetails.tsx]
    Routes --> NotFound[src/pages/pagenotfound/PageNotFound.tsx]
    Home --> Slider[src/components/homepage_components/slider/Slider.tsx]
    Home --> Locations[src/components/homepage_components/homepage_locations/HomePage_Locations.tsx]
    PropertyDetails --> BookingForm[src/components/homepage_components/homepage_Propertydetails/BookingFrom.tsx]
    PropertyDetails --> DataProperty[src/data.ts]
    Locations --> DataProperty
```

### Routing and Layout
- [`src/App.tsx`](src/App.tsx) wraps the router in a layout that always renders `Navbar`, `ScrollToTop`, and `Footer`, hiding navigation on select deep pages via route checks.
- Routes include:
  - `/` → [`Home`](src/pages/home/Home.tsx)
  - `/property_details/:slug` → [`Homepage_PropertyDetails`](src/components/homepage_components/homepage_Propertydetails/Homepage_PropertyDetails.tsx)
  - `/property_LocationDetails/:id` → [`Homepage_LocationDetails`](src/components/homepage_components/homepage_locationsdetails/Homepage_LocationDetails.tsx)
  - `/*` → 404 catch-all

### Data Flow
- [`src/data.ts`](src/data.ts) exports `propertyData`, `navbarData`, and `footerData`. Components import this module to hydrate cards, galleries, and global chrome.
- Property and location pages derive the slug or ID from `useLocation`/`useNavigate` and lookup the corresponding record inside `propertyData`. Because the dataset ships with the client bundle, no runtime fetch is required.

### State and Side Effects
- `HomePage_Locations` slugifies property names then pushes React Router navigation when a user selects a card, providing `location.state` for downstream usage.
- `Homepage_PropertyDetails` locates the property based on the URL slug and initializes Fancybox galleries within a `useEffect` hook.
- `Homepage_LocationDetails` expects `location.state.property` to include a nested `properties` array when linking from location hubs; fallback messaging is rendered when no entries exist.
- Booking and contact forms (`BookingFrom.tsx`, `ContactUs.tsx`) submit to EmailJS using credentials defined at runtime.

### Styling and Animation
- Tailwind utility classes provide layout primitives, while component-specific CSS (e.g., `Slider.css`, `navbar.css`) styles complex widgets.
- Swiper.js powers carousels on the hero banner and property cards.
- Fancybox handles image lightboxes for property galleries.

### Future Considerations
- Moving `propertyData` to a backend source or CMS would reduce bundle size and enable live pricing.
- Harden navigation between deep-linked pages by falling back to slug-based lookups when `location.state` is missing.
- Replace hard-coded EmailJS identifiers with environment-driven configuration to simplify deployments across environments.
